hey guys welcome to the silver bill
video we're going to be building on all
the skills you've been practicing so far
and we're going to use them to make the
build that you are using in bronze a
little bit stronger and attack a little
bit earlier the big change here is
instead of stopping our workers and
building all of our supply depots at
once we're going to continue to build
weapons with the entire game and we're
going to build the supply depots as we
need them so that our resources are
fogged up and we're continuing to get
more resources out of the command center
besides that that build opening is
exactly the same just like all the
agents with attendee boba place at the
ramp and then 12 racks soon follow our
14th worker will also be rallied up from
the command center here and build our
second birds to seal off the gate just
like the bronze video you won't see any
differences until our fourth barracks is
dropped and then we're going to have to
change things up a little bit in order
to not get supply block and continue
building our workers and see i rallied
my 14th worker up here now this is on a
ladder game it's just a replay against a
medium or hard computer account number
and it's just to learn the build I've
got another point where if I fool around
a bunch on lateral lose my place lose my
ranking I'm about silver now so I'm just
going to do these bill videos against
computers and then I'll jump on a ladder
soon after okay we're almost on 17 so
after this second worker here 17 up here
we're going to be going to our orbital
command this is done and remember to
build that morning right away as soon as
your first barracks completes this will
allow you to push away any kind of
scouting worker or block any kind of
early attack
I'm just going to send it forward here
as you'll see as soon as I have the
spare cash after the war will command
has started and after the first rain has
started to build two more barracks
you're gonna water remember when you
place these buildings down and throw
them into your hockey right away I used
to use it ever number you want you want
to select them and throw them into the
hockey as soon as you throw them down
the orbital command is now done so you
want to start another worker and drop
your mule and right at 17 right before
this finishes you're going to want to
drop your second depot in the earlier
game we built our six barracks first but
in this case we have to do the depot so
we can keep producing workers past 19
after your deep bozeman started you can
feel free to throw down your 5th and 6th
barracks
doing here and like i said before throw
them under hockey right away this time
remember to keep pressing 5s to create
workers and a really important early
early part of this build is to not queue
up too many units on your barracks or
your orbital command you should never be
passed to an orbital and for the
beginning part of the build you should
never be past number one on your
barracks if our resources are hog dup
here we won't be able to produce units
we won't be able to produce supply
depots and will slowly fall apart I'm
starting my next Depot here soon after
my racks went down what i did is i
create a built two marines first and i
went back and built another table
actually i think i did the deeper first
regardless you're gonna want another
depot soon after this one is keep
producing workers and then i dropped to
depose here at the same time because
we're getting really close to the supply
of here so around thirty supply you're
going to want to drop to supply depots
does he have six barracks producing
rains so it's going to clog up along
your supply really quickly after you've
queued up another depot after these two
you're going to want to pull around six
workers you could probably take a couple
more even one less if you like and we're
going to attack across the map with the
marines you'll notice that i sent the
marines out first before i pulled the
workers that's okay because the workers
are fast enough that they'll catch up to
the marines by the time they reach it
across the map and i'm wasting the least
amount of time possible you also notice
that we're moving out 15 to 20 seconds
earlier then the bronze build and we're
also taking some workers with us which
is going to give us a huge meat shield
bonus so it's going to be a lot powerful
lot more powerful and you'll build a bus
through any early defenses a lot easier
than the bronze build so you might not
have to wait to build up units depending
on the circumstance you're going to want
to use the element of surprise
just remember that
advancing across the map that you're
continuing to press to a and you're
continuing to press 5s and you're
continuing to press five twice to drop a
mule mine's a little late here because
I've been pushing up the ramp I'll catch
this soon you want to make sure that
your noodles are constantly landing and
if your supply approaches eight of the
max you're going to want to throw down
another Depot so you can support more
Marines this probably won't be necessary
unless you have to wait below the ramp
because they have too much defense if
you have to wait you're going to want to
pop back throw down your supply depot
drop all your meals and then just gear
up for that next push if you don't have
to wait chances are you won't need to
build another supply depot and you won't
have to worry about it anyways the key
here is they make sure you're constantly
building workers and you're constantly
building morning so you can always pull
more later if you need them if your
attack fails for some strange reason and
silver as you can see the SUV's did
their job really well at the front here
they tanked all the damage only losing a
couple only losing few Marines and just
busting that his whole bioforce down
you'll notice i used the strategy from
the third and the second and the third
bronze ladder videos to target fire the
Marauders that trick works on any kind
of high HP or armored unit it's not
something you want to do on say Marines
or zerglings because you're just going
to do something called overkill which is
do a lot more damage to a unit with only
a little bit of health for example I'll
explain that a little better so you're
not confused to make mistakes if you
have say nine rains here all nine moons
do six damage each that's what 54 54
damage nine times six so all these
marines are going to do 50 for damage in
one volley to an enemy if we did that to
this SUV here he'd be killed but it also
be damaged 11 / his maximum health so a
couple of these Marines just wasted
their shots that's why you don't want to
use that trick on light units you
use them on the heavier armored units
like the Marauder the stalker even
though it's because they've got a lot of
health but you want to avoid doing that
to zerglings Marines and workers that
said that is all that is different for
the silver video next I'm going to be
jumping on ladder and demonstrating it
against live opponents and I'll see you
in the next video thanks for watching